Allow for effectively infinite experiment duration (#907)
DataDog/lading: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased
### Added
- Target observer now allows a docker target, identified by name.

> - Lading experiment duration may now be (effectively) infinite.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Lading experiment duration may be set to (effectively) infinite using `--experiment-duration-infinite`
```
